# Millennium Eye Privacy Policy
The Millennium Eye Discord Bot ("Eyebot") collects and tracks certain parts of user, server, and message data that are important for its proper function. How it uses and disposes of this data is described in this policy.

## Server Data
When Eyebot is added to a Discord server, it reads and stores the ID of that server to be referenced in future configuration. Eyebot offers to server owners several means of configuring its functionality on a given server, most notably changing the syntax it considers a query. Because of these per-server configuration options, Eyebot tracks the server IDs of all servers it is a part of and uses them as a "key" to quickly look up its relevant configuration items in a server. Even when the server has not redefined any of Eyebot's default configuration, Eyebot still stores its server ID and associates it with the default configuration. When Eyebot is removed from a server, any reference to that server's ID in the bot's configuration is erased.

Eyebot also offers similar configuration options on a per-text-channel basis, for instance the ability to set channels as a "ruling" channel. When a text channel's configuration is changed from the default, Eyebot stores the channel ID and uses it as a "key" to quickly look up its relevant configuration items in the future. Channels that have not been modified from the default configuration are not stored or tracked. When a channel is deleted or Eyebot leaves the server that the channel is part of, any reference to that channel's ID in the bot's configuration is erased.

## Message Data
Eyebot constantly listens for messages to look for any with content that it recognizes as containing a query to be evaluated. Though the contents of all messages are checked, any message that it determines to not contain a query are not tracked or stored; their content is simply evaluated once and then discarded. If Eyebot determines that a message does contain a query, it stores ("caches") a reference to that message for 15 seconds. This reference is only used to track whether the original message's contents are edited or if the message is deleted entirely so that Eyebot can modify its response to that message accordingly. After the 15 seconds lifetime of the message reference passes, it is discarded and cannot be used by Eyebot again. 

## User Data
When Eyebot is queried by a user in a way that produces a response (the bot may provide card info, an image, etc.), it will store ("cache") the user's ID for 1 minute. This is for anti-spam purposes; if the bot determines a particular user (referenced by ID) has queried the bot too many times in a 1 minute time frame, it will "time out" that user for a certain period, during which it will ignore all attempted queries from that user. If a user has not queried Eyebot in a minute, their ID is evicted from this cache and will not be used unless they query the bot again, at which point the ID is inserted into the cache once more. 

Additionally, the messages cached as described in the above Message Data section also contain information about the user who sent the message, including (but not limited to) the user's Discord ID and username. This information is used for the same purpose described above (spam control) and is only accessible for the 15 seconds described in the Message Data section, after which it is discarded along with the message reference.